ocpbugs16964: adding control plane label note (#73264)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-nodes-viewing-listing.adoc

<10> The pods on the node.
<11> The events reported by the node.

[NOTE]
====
The control plane label is not automatically added to newly created or updated master nodes. If you want to use the control plane label for your nodes, you can manually configure the label. For more information, see _Understanding how to update labels on nodes_ in the _Additional resources_ section.
====

> 

Reviewer: We should hide this in ROSA/OSD with ifndef's, because the _Additional resources_ section is hidden in ROSA/OSD.

Author: That makes sense! Thanks!

> The control plane label is not automatically added to newly created or updated master nodes. If you want to use the control plane label for your nodes, you can manually configure the label. See xref:..nodes-nodes-working-updating.adoc[Understanding how to update labels on nodes] for more information about manually configuring labels.

Author: added anchor and rebased

> The control plane label is not automatically added to newly created or updated master nodes. If you want to use the control plane label for your nodes, you can manually configure the label. See xref:../../modules/nodes-nodes-working-updating.adoc[Understanding how to update labels on nodes] for more information about manually configuring labels.

Reviewer 2: This xref is wrong. It might pass the build but pretty sure it won't  work.

Author: @aireilly Hey, I just got some info from someone else who said we're not supposed to use links in modules (which I vaguely remember from onboarding). I'm going another route with this and will rebase in just a few minutes.

> The control plane label is not automatically added to newly created or updated master nodes. If you want to use the control plane label for your nodes, you can manually configure the label. See xref:../../nodes/nodes/nodes-nodes-working.html#nodes-nodes-working-updating_nodes-nodes-working[Understanding how to update labels on nodes] for more information about manually configuring labels.

Reviewer 3: Inclusive language suggest that we use "main" or "control plane node" unless you've been given permission to use "master." https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#using-conscious-language. Also, swap .html with .adoc. 

```suggestion
The control plane label is not automatically added to newly created or updated control plane nodes. If you want to use the control plane label for your nodes, you can manually configure the label. See xref:../../nodes/nodes/nodes-nodes-working.adoc#nodes-nodes-working-updating_nodes-nodes-working[Understanding how to update labels on nodes] for more information about manually configuring labels.
```

Author: @stevsmit Thanks! I've updated the "html" to "adoc". However, this addition needs to use the "master" language because it references nodes that were previously created with the master label. Both master and control plane labels are still functional. It is up to the user to manually make the change if they want to do so.

> The control plane label is not automatically added to newly created or updated master nodes. If you want to use the control plane label for your nodes, you can manually configure the label. See xref:../../nodes/nodes/nodes-nodes-working.adoc#nodes-nodes-working-updating_nodes-nodes-working[Understanding how to update labels on nodes] for more information about manually configuring labels.

Reviewer 2: Think maybe the climbing path is wrong. 

```suggestion
The control plane label is not automatically added to newly created or updated master nodes. If you want to use the control plane label for your nodes, you can manually configure the label. See xref:../nodes/nodes/nodes-nodes-working.adoc#nodes-nodes-working-updating_nodes-nodes-working[Understanding how to update labels on nodes] for more information about manually configuring labels.
```

Author: Thanks! The path was the problem. I fixed it.
